the briefing on charts 10 deleted two effects from November 27, 2003
we expect the line to babble in your youtube sector seen by mahle
as above because you only have water around it 1500 feet the goods themselves are 2200 meters
long after the crash we are to blame
still on the runway 3100 meters and we also have a party we are on
expect the left side
otherwise in addition then I will use it more fully
did you have something special forgot it because everything is clear no question like that
we now see here on 4 on the left as well as the front
first natalie and the first small islands and we will be around 30
minutes to the landing with the ladies and gentlemen again a short one
information from the complete on the left now the first
The normal has a wooden ceiling in five minutes and its descent begins
current weather now plus 32 degrees celsius scattered clouds like it on
The left and right sides can be seen and it is still single
heat storms to count jason jaspers information about the
weather new cluster knocks the door
[Applause]
[Applause] however, it is finally here
down there you can see the small island around 1000
here project
1506 project last check is briefing is compliant
gk
one is said thank you history hd engine mode selector complete
Here you can see very nicely that male atolls are huge
islands and from them and the outside is the outer reef yes these are the islands here
are now inside the atoll you can see the island here at the back
go around and here again that is the male atoll is what we are
now inside the atoll over there is one great and after this
islands that are up there the big one is also made of nature
so fbi wears
shoot heideloff
I can paint very well up there
over there that's the meadow where the city is
2nd
euro its go sometime soon
Turner has been open so far, you can see who she is over there now very nicely
the city of male and the airport on the left is now a huge area
all of them have become that
define seaplanes
Well
[Music]
Berlin
so then I'll take everything out and do a little bit, that's ok you think
okay then goes out then managing directors
the bottles threw
when checking space
they offer
dme 1390 for correct
sms per year 2004 followed by speechexec
lenny kravitz is concerned about the camera
landing page thank you speed check
exclude first
of 1006 think it projects
that he's out ok
men dazzle
dr
the hundreds of thousands
down
London
motive for the deed
as wool
the controller
[Music]
after landing
a small park
[Music] so here on the right is free
flaps rejected spuhlers the st
star-trainer overall project manchester so that is the fear and disgust
completed
the
but believe
the FC fans so the particle is completed